=head1 Toader Entry Documentation

=head1 Entry Storage

Each entry is stored under a ".toader/entries" a file in the
Toader directory. Each file has a specifically formated date,
as below.

%Y%m%d-%H:%M:%S.$microsecond

=head1 File Format

The storage used is MIME.

The following headers are should be used.

    renderer
    title
    summary
    Date
    From
    publish

'renderer' is the name of the renderer to use.

'title' is the title for the article.

'summary' is a summary of the entry.

'Date' is a RFC 2822 date.

'From' is a RFC 5322 email address. This is for the author.

'publish' is a boolean value specifies if a entry should be published or not.
The values used are '0' and '1'. If not specified, it defaults to '1'.

=head1 Rendering

=head2 Content

The entry content, the 'renderContent' method, is rendered in three passes.

=head3 Pass One

First the body is ran through Text::Template.

No template is used for this pass.

The variables below are passed to Text::Template.

    title - This is the title of the entry.
    from - This is the author or authors, from the From header.
    date - This is the entry name/date stap.
    g - This is a Toader::Render::General object.
    toader - This is a Toader object.
    sec - Seconds value take from the Date header.
    min - Minutes value take from the Date header.
    hour - Hours value take from the Date header.
    day - Day value take from the Date header.
    month - Month value take from the Date header.
    year - Year value take from the Date header.
    zone - Time zone value take from the Date header.
    self - The Toader::Render::Entry object.
    obj - The Toader::Entry object.
    c - The Config::Tiny object containing the Toader config.

=head3 Pass Two

Second the return results are of the first pass is ran through
specified backend.

No template is used for this.

=head3 Pass Three

The third pass generates what can be included into something.

The template used is 'entryContent'. The default one is below.

    <div id="content">
      <h4>[== $g->elink( $g->or2r, $date, $title ) ==]</h4>
      Date: [== $year.$month.$day."-".$hour.":".$min ==] <br>
      Author: [== $g->authorsLink( $from ) ==]<br>
      <div id="content">
        [== $body ==]
      </div>
    </div>

The variaables below are passed to Text::Template.

    body - This is output from pass two.
    title - This is the title of the entry.
    from - This is the author or authors, from the From header.
    date - This is the entry name/date stap.
    g - This is a Toader::Render::General object.
    toader - This is a Toader object.
    sec - Seconds value take from the Date header.
    min - Minutes value take from the Date header.
    hour - Hours value take from the Date header.
    day - Day value take from the Date header.
    month - Month value take from the Date header.
    year - Year value take from the Date header.
    zone - Time zone value take from the Date header.
    self - The Toader::Render::Entry object.
    obj - The Toader::Entry object.
    c - The Config::Tiny object containing the Toader config.

=head2 Output Rendering.

This is rendered via the 'render' method.

The template used is 'page' with the variables below passed to it.

    toader - The Toader object.
    g - The Toader::Render::General object.
    self - The Toader::Render::Entry object.
    obj - The Toader::Entry object.
    c - The Config::Tiny object containing the Toader config.
    content - The output from the 'renderContent' method.

Once that is created, it is written to
$outputDir.'/'.$r2r.'/.pages/'.$pageName.'/index.html'. Any
files are written to $outputDir.'/'.$r2r.'/.pages/'.$pageName.'/.files/' .

=head1 Object Specific Methods

=head2 archive

This renders the archive of all entries.

The 'page' template is used with the following variables passed to it.

    toader - This is the Toader object.
    g - This is the Toader::Render::General object.
    self - This is the Toader::Render::Entry object.
    obj - This is the Toader::Entry object.
    c - This is the Config::Tiny object holding the Toader config.
    locationID - This is the location ID to use, 'Entries Archive'.
    content - This is the return from 'archiveContent' method.

Once that has been created, it is writen to
$outputDir.'/'.$r2r.'/.entries/archive.html' .

=head2 archiveContent

This creates the content for the archive method.

This uses the template 'entryArchive' and passes the variables below to it.

    toader - This is the Toader object.
	g - This is the Toader::Render::General object.
	self - This is the Toader::Render::Entry object.
	obj - This is the Toader::Entry object.
	c - This is the Config::Tiny object.

The default template is as below.

    [== $g->entryArchive ==]

=head2 index

This renders the index page for the '.entries' directory.

The template used is 'page' and the variables below are passed to it.

    toader - This is the Toader object.
	g - This is the Toader::Render::General object.
	self - This is the Toader::Render::Entry object.
	obj - This is the Toader::Entry object.
	c - This is the Config::Tiny object holding the Toader config.
    content - This is the return from the 'indexContent' method.

Once it has been rendered, it is written to 
$outputDir.'/'.$r2r.'/.entries/index.html' .

=head2 indexContent

This renders the content for the 'index.html' page.

The template 'entryIndex' is used.

    toader - The Toader object.
	g - The Toader::Render::General object.
	self - The Toader::Render::Entry object.
	obj - The Toader::Entry object.
	c - The Config::Tinry holding the Toader config.

The default template is as below.

    [== $g->lastEntries( $c->{_}->{last} ) ==]

=cut
